README.md, before:

# Pocket Monorepo

This repo contains all the Pocket Typescript systems built as a monorepo but deployed as microservices. For services that power Recomendations or Pocket Curated Content see the [Content Monorepo](https://github.com/pocket/content-monorepo)

## What's inside?

This Repo includes the following packages/servers:

### Folder structure

- `servers`: all our typescript microservices required for running baseline Pocket.
- `lambdas`: all our lambda listeners that are made up of SQS Queue processers or API Gateways
- `infrastructure`: all of the terraform infrastructure that is used to deploy each microservice
- `packages/eslint-config-custom`: `eslint` configurations
- `packages/tsconfig`: `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the monorepo
- `packages/apollo-utils`: holds helpers for all services that boot up graphql. It also includes tracing libraries and hoists apollo in node-modules so that we do not have to keep defining apollo in all services.
- `packages/ts-logger`: helper library to add json structured logging to all our services.
- `packages/tracing`: helper library to add tracing to all our services.
- `packags/terraform-modules`: a set of modules built for Pocket based on the Terraform CDK, used to deploy our infrastructure.
- `.docker/aws-resources`: all aws resources that are used by the monorepo, if something is used here, but owned by a service not in this repository, it resides in the legacy files, otherwise each service will have its own script or prefixed resources.
- `.docker/mysql-8-resources`: all mysql resources, prefixed with a number letter system so that docker executes database creation in a specific order. All services share a single docker server, but have their own databases unless they read from our legacy (mono) database.
- `.docker/postgres-resources`: similar to mysql but for services that use postgres.

Each package/app is 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

### Utilities

This Turborepo has some additional tools already setup for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type checking
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting

## Using the Repo

To build all apps and packages, run the following command:

```bash
cd pocket-monorepo
pnpm build
```

### Develop

#### All

To develop all apps and packages, run the following commands:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
cd pocket-monorepo
docker compose up --wait
pnpm dev
```

This will bring up the docker shared services (MySQL, Memcached, Redis) and then run all the apps in a dev mode.

#### Specific Server

To run a specific server, run the following:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
cd pocket-monorepo
docker compose up --wait
pnpm dev --filter=annotations-api...
```

Where annotations-api is the server name from package.json you want to run. `...` prefixed informs turborepo to include all dependent workspace packages.

You can expand this to run multiple specific servers as well like:
```pnpm run dev --filter=list-api... --filter=feature-flags...```

### Caching

This repo relies on Turbo repos caching strategies to speed up development and only execute tasks that are needed when certain files change.

More information can be found on [Turbo repos site](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/caching).

If you add new build outputs or inputs, you will need to add them to the necessary area in [turbo.json](./turbo.json).

If for any reason you need to bypass caching you can add `--force` to any command. It would be run like:

```bash
pnpm run test --force
```

or

```bash
pnpm run test --filter=annocations-api... --force
```

### Testing

### Updating Packages

To update packages this repository uses Renovate on a pr by pr basis and you can initiate that [here](https://github.com/Pocket/pocket-monorepo/issues/7)

In some cases it may be easier to update packages locally, like updating all development depencies at once.

To select and update *development* dependencices, interactively you can use the following command ran at the root of the repository.

```bash
pnpm update -iDLr
```

To select and update *production* and *optional* dependencices, interactively you can use the following command ran at the root of the repository.

```bash
pnpm update -iPLr
```

## Useful Links

Learn more about the power of Turborepo:

- [Tasks](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/running-tasks)
- [Caching](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/caching)
- [Remote Caching](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching)
- [Filtering](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/filtering)
- [Configuration Options](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/reference/configuration)
- [CLI Usage](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/reference/command-line-reference)

## Notes

### Long.js ESM Issues

Long.js has a known ESM compatibility issue. To fix this we execute the workaround on <https://github.com/dcodeIO/long.js/issues/125#issuecomment-1789840098> until it is solved. This will ignore checking the types within libraries and only check the types that are within our own codebase that we reference.

From the [typescript docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#skipLibCheck)
> A common case where you might think to use skipLibCheck is when there are two copies of a library’s types in your node_modules. In these cases, you should consider using a feature like yarn’s resolutions to ensure there is only one copy of that dependency in your tree or investigate how to ensure there is only one copy by understanding the dependency resolution to fix the issue without additional tooling.

Commit message:

fix(es6): updating all lambda tests

README.md, after:

# Pocket Monorepo

This repo contains all the Pocket Typescript systems built as a monorepo but deployed as microservices. For services that power Recomendations or Pocket Curated Content see the [Content Monorepo](https://github.com/pocket/content-monorepo)

## What's inside?

This Repo includes the following packages/servers:

### Folder structure

- `servers`: all our typescript microservices required for running baseline Pocket.
- `lambdas`: all our lambda listeners that are made up of SQS Queue processers or API Gateways
- `infrastructure`: all of the terraform infrastructure that is used to deploy each microservice
- `packages/eslint-config-custom`: `eslint` configurations
- `packages/tsconfig`: `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the monorepo
- `packages/apollo-utils`: holds helpers for all services that boot up graphql. It also includes tracing libraries and hoists apollo in node-modules so that we do not have to keep defining apollo in all services.
- `packages/ts-logger`: helper library to add json structured logging to all our services.
- `packages/tracing`: helper library to add tracing to all our services.
- `packags/terraform-modules`: a set of modules built for Pocket based on the Terraform CDK, used to deploy our infrastructure.
- `.docker/aws-resources`: all aws resources that are used by the monorepo, if something is used here, but owned by a service not in this repository, it resides in the legacy files, otherwise each service will have its own script or prefixed resources.
- `.docker/mysql-8-resources`: all mysql resources, prefixed with a number letter system so that docker executes database creation in a specific order. All services share a single docker server, but have their own databases unless they read from our legacy (mono) database.
- `.docker/postgres-resources`: similar to mysql but for services that use postgres.

Each package/app is 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

### Utilities

This Turborepo has some additional tools already setup for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type checking
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting

## Using the Repo

To build all apps and packages, run the following command:

```bash
cd pocket-monorepo
pnpm build
```

### Develop

#### All

To develop all apps and packages, run the following commands:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
cd pocket-monorepo
docker compose up --wait
pnpm dev
```

This will bring up the docker shared services (MySQL, Memcached, Redis) and then run all the apps in a dev mode.

#### Specific Server

To run a specific server, run the following:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
cd pocket-monorepo
docker compose up --wait
pnpm dev --filter=annotations-api...
```

Where annotations-api is the server name from package.json you want to run. `...` prefixed informs turborepo to include all dependent workspace packages.

You can expand this to run multiple specific servers as well like:
```pnpm run dev --filter=list-api... --filter=feature-flags...```

### Caching

This repo relies on Turbo repos caching strategies to speed up development and only execute tasks that are needed when certain files change.

More information can be found on [Turbo repos site](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/caching).

If you add new build outputs or inputs, you will need to add them to the necessary area in [turbo.json](./turbo.json).

If for any reason you need to bypass caching you can add `--force` to any command. It would be run like:

```bash
pnpm run test --force
```

or

```bash
pnpm run test --filter=annocations-api... --force
```

### Testing

### Updating Packages

To update packages this repository uses Renovate on a pr by pr basis and you can initiate that [here](https://github.com/Pocket/pocket-monorepo/issues/7)

In some cases it may be easier to update packages locally, like updating all development depencies at once.

To select and update *development* dependencices, interactively you can use the following command ran at the root of the repository.

```bash
pnpm update -iDLr
```

To select and update *production* and *optional* dependencices, interactively you can use the following command ran at the root of the repository.

```bash
pnpm update -iPLr
```

## Useful Links

Learn more about the power of Turborepo:

- [Tasks](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/running-tasks)
- [Caching](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/caching)
- [Remote Caching](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching)
- [Filtering](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/filtering)
- [Configuration Options](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/reference/configuration)
- [CLI Usage](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/reference/command-line-reference)

## Notes

### Long.js ESM Issues

Long.js has a known ESM compatibility issue. To fix this we execute the workaround on <https://github.com/dcodeIO/long.js/issues/125#issuecomment-1789840098> until it is solved. This will ignore checking the types within libraries and only check the types that are within our own codebase that we reference. This workaround sets `skipLibCheck` to true in our tsconfig.

From the [typescript docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#skipLibCheck)
> A common case where you might think to use skipLibCheck is when there are two copies of a library’s types in your node_modules. In these cases, you should consider using a feature like yarn’s resolutions to ensure there is only one copy of that dependency in your tree or investigate how to ensure there is only one copy by understanding the dependency resolution to fix the issue without additional tooling.

### TS-Jest Esm Issues

Some packages like `node-fetch` or `nanoid` have import issues with ts-jest when you don't transplile them. Based on [this](https://github.com/kulshekhar/ts-jest/issues/398#issuecomment-1455659355) we explicitlly tell ts-jest to transpile those packages and have `allowJs` and `checkJs` set to true in our tsconfig so that we can run tests with these libraries.
